All right, so now, we've gotten a getVideo
function, but we haven't gotten a video.
So now, we should be able to do what
we did in the other module first,
const video equals await getVideo,
I'm gonna to save.
I'm gonna go back over here, and
we'll notice if your browser's sort of
remembering that you already
gave this permission.
You'll see in Firefox,
there's a little, hey,
this has permission to use your camera.
And maybe you see a little light on
your webcam or something like that.
If you hadn't, then you would probably
see something again like this, so
we allow it, okay, cool.
And again, nothing happened,
so let us fix that, shall we?
We want that draw image method,
which is available on the canvas context.
Now, again, this is not choose our own
adventure of how we wanna organize this.
But we have various options and we already
wrote some pretty useful code in here.
It's not all useful,
we're not gonna wanna do any of this.
But what we could do, well,
we have pretty small modules here,
so we could bring this into main.
We could decide, how many different
modules do we really want to have for
this project.
Do we want them to be,
exporting their own utility functions or
do we just want to be doing this
imperatively in one script.
So that perhaps other developers that
are trying to contribute to this amazing
selfie project.
Are able to more easily see at
a glance everything that's happening.
So I think it would be reasonable
to start moving some of this
into camera if we wanted to.
And perhaps maybe make a draw photo or
a paint or
whatever method we wanna call it,
a function we wanna call it.
So I'm just gonna go ahead and
empty out my canvas.js and we can just,
you know what, we'll delete it.
And while we're at it,
why don't we also delete the counter
that we're that we're not using anymore.
Yes, I am sure, delete,
love deleting code because you can't
have a bug in your code if you
don't have any code, right.
[LAUGH] So imagine that meme here,
okay, we don't need this secret value.
We do need to do some stuff with a canvas.
Now, how we wanna set this up is,
again up to us.
Now, do we wanna be grabbing this
canvas element from within a function,
do we wanna be doing
it in the main module.
Again, it's like,
there's reasons for everything.
How does it sound to y'all
if we don't assume that we
know which Canvas element
we're supposed to draw to.
And we don't assume that there's just one
Canvas element with this query selector,
or basically using just
the tag name Canvas.
What if we, in this module where
we are providing generally useful
camera related functionality.
We let our user decide what
canvas they want to draw
stuff on, for example, sound okay, cool.
So, what I'm going to do now
is wrap this little guy.
Okay, we're going to export
it again in a function,
which we can figure out the name for
later.
[LAUGH] Where it's going to
take in a canvas element, and
then it can find the context on
that canvas, how's that sound?
Okay, how about we call
this draw video on Canvas,
what sounds good?
Anybody gonna help me out
with a naming opinion?
>> Draw a video.
It's very symmetrical to our get video and
that's helpful because,
for example, if you have a whole
bunch of functions in your module.
And some of them take, they're all related
to video then some of them,
some of them say.
Video interaction interface,
whatever, and others say,
yeah, do the thing,
we want to have consistency, right.
So every code base might be different, but
ideally, at least within our own code
base, we can be as consistent as possible.
So that seems reasonable.
The other thing we want to try
to be consistent with is, for
example, if we have multiple unctions.
And so here we're probably gonna need
like a video to draw, ultimately.
But if we have multiple functions
that are taking in video elements and
canvas elements.
Let's not switch the order of the
parameters around on our users and stuff.
Let's just keep things as
consistent as possible,
keeping in mind that what we're
doing here in this module.
Whether it is for our own internal use or
somebody else's use,
some other stranger aka a friend and
developer buddy.
That we haven't met yet
on the internet to use,
we are exposing a way of
interacting with this.
And we want to try to help our users
have as few headaches as possible.
Okay, cool.